Tell him...
about File 47.
47...
That would plunge the world
into chaos.
Someone's
got to slow them down.
I'll set off the explosion
manually.
Angus, I wish
there was more time for us.
But I need you to listen
to something right now.
44-8-
11-75-11.
You got that, son?
Whoa!
(band playing
old-time jazz intro)
♪ There's a sayin'
going all around... ♪
NICK:
How did they find us?
CHARLES: You've got a famous
face, Nick. Makes traveling
under a fake identity
rather hard.
If they get their
hands on this map,
the next time we'll
be hearing about this
is in the papers.
We'll be all right.
How do you know?
'Cause we're DXS.
We're smarter.
At least you are.
(pistol hammer cocks)
MAN:
Mr. Tesla.
The map, if you please.
I believe I've already made
my position on the matter
perfectly clear
to your superior.
I am not
a murderer.
Then perhaps
you shouldn't have built
a killing machine.
It is a science experiment.
It's not a weapon.
It's meant to deter violence.
Both parties avoid war
to prevent
mutually assured...
destruction.
It may be hard for you
to grasp...
(gunshots)
Come on!
(bullets ricocheting)
Well, that was close.
And I'll be out of
bullets soon.
So I suggest you put
that big brain of yours
to work and invent us
a way out of here.
(gunshots continue)
(grunts)
Come on!
♪ ♪
Who are they?
I don't know.
But something tells me
they're not going to stop.
♪ ♪
(banging, thumping)
(drill whirring)
(sighs):
MacGyver.
Oh. Good morning,
sleepyhead.
(drill whirring)
RILEY:
It's 6:03.
Yeah, I'm building
a carbon scrubber--
can you, uh, give me a hand?
(drill whirring)
It's 6:03.
Uh, yeah,
I finally got
the carbon measurement
to 300 parts per million,
but we're gonna need
cheaper materials
if we want
to deploy it worldwide.
Do you want
to talk about this?
Talk about what?
Damn.
Why?
It's 6:03.
He doesn't want
to talk about it.
DESI: Are we
going camping?
Uh, no,
I made you guys personalized
apocalypse backpacks.
Backup battery for my rig.
Baby, you got me
a crossbow?
These are end-of-the-world
care packages.
This is about Codex.
MacGYVER:
Well, yes. I'm assuming
they are trying to wipe out
a billion people
in order to save the planet,
unless we can come up
with a better idea.
We don't need a better idea.
We just need to stop them.
Okay, so we stop them.
And then what?
Then we save all those people,
but what's stopping us
from killing the planet?
Why won't this...
(phone chimes)
Matty needs us.
I guess this stuff
will have to wait.
(clears throat)
Oh, wow. He's definitely
in overdrive.
Put my favorite candy bars
in here.
Sweet!
Hey, Matty.
Sorry I'm late.
I said I'd get coffee for...
everyone.
What's going on?
Taylor broke your father's code.
Oh, really? That was fast.
Yes, well, I've been
thinking about it nonstop
for the last 72 hours.
One of the side effects
of pareidolia.
We never say no to a puzzle.
So, all Oversight left you
was a video with a bunch
of seemingly random numbers,
so I had to dig really deep
into his life for clues.
Place of birth,
baseball team, favorite movie.
The Great Escape.
Turns out the key
to breaking it was
as simple and obscure
as the numbers
in Steve McQueen's birthday.
(exhales)
You should have asked me
about this. I could have helped.
TAYLOR:
Well, I needed
objectivity, and...
and you're his son.
Okay, you guys are looking at me
like you're fitting me
for a straitjacket.
Let's just stop
trying to protect me
and get to work, yeah?
DESI:
You all heard the man.
TAYLOR: Right, then.
Um...
turns out that it is
an address.
A private residence
not far from here.
Looks abandoned.
It's a single-family
dwelling built
in 1903, but...
no one's lived there
in decades.
(dog barking)
TAYLOR:
Since the name on the deed
is a shell corporation,
we don't know who owns it.
What's that smell?
Smells like...
Silence of the Lambs?
All right.
Let's, um...
let's spread out,
see what we can find.
That's a lot of bleach.
Yeah,
it's not as if, uh,
it's being used
to clean this place.
This place hasn't been touched
in a century.
There's nothing here.
Feels
like a dead end.
TAYLOR:
But it can't be.
It's not.
I think a scientist lived here.
You guys don't see it?
Yes, there's definitely
a pattern there.
It's the periodic
table of the elements.
Noble gases are blue.
Alkaloid metals
are orange.
Yeah, there's a draft here.
There's definitely something
behind these books.
Mercury. Cadmium.
Silver's missing.
(clicks)
(clacking)
TAYLOR:
Huh.
(chuckles)
Polyphase induction motors,
compressors, generators.
I mean, this stuff belongs
in a museum.
No way.
Ideas for generators,
motors,
turbines?
"Shiva."
Why is that familiar?
TAYLOR:
Hindu deity.
Also known as the Destroyer.
No way.
It's a Tesla coil.
An original.
(clicking)
Bad capacitor,
but otherwise in good shape.
Nikola Tesla.
This is Tesla's stuff.
That explains the bleach.
He was a huge germaphobe.
RILEY: Tesla?
The electricity guy?
MacGYVER:
Among many other things.
What?
Well, apparently,
Tesla was a contemporary
of Thomas Edison and
Alexander Graham Bell.
It is so hot
that you know that.
I don't. I found this.
(exhales)
TAYLOR:
Look, this, this was taken
in a DXS lab.
MacGYVER: These guys
were all DXS.
This is blowing
my mind.
TAYLOR: So this
is where Tesla
must have stayed when
he was working in L.A.
Which explains how Oversight
knew about this place.
Shiva.
Looks like some kind
of weapon.
Tesla was always trying to
invent so-called superweapons,
like an earthquake machine
or a death ray.
He thought that powerful weapons
could deter war.
Looks like that's what
he was doing for DXS.
(dog barking in distance)
Looks like he put Shiva's
location here on the map.
(barking continues)
(car doors closing)
RILEY:
"X" marks the spot?
"X" marks the spot
you start.
This is Serbian.
Don't ask.
This says,
"From the 'X,'
hike a quarter mile west."
There's something--
I don't know--
something missing, hidden.
I think this room
is a clue.
What do you mean?
It's part of the map.
You need this room as a cipher.
(rapid footsteps approaching)
We've got visitors.
Two in the front,
three in the back.
RILEY:
Did you get a good look
at 'em?
DESI:
Yeah, they look like pros.
Heavily armed.
One...
two...
(creaking)
Check upstairs.
♪ ♪
(whispering):
Mac, what is that?
It's a camera obscura.
It's like a fancy peephole.
Tesla must
have made it
to watch out
for unwelcome visitors.
SCARLETT: Angus!
We know you're in
here somewhere!
(sighs) It's Codex.
How do you know?
They sent the mean one.
Come on out!
Before we tear you
and this place apart.
(exhales)
Okay, I have an idea.
A Tesla coil is
an electrical resonant
transformer circuit.
We're gonna make stuff go boom.
Ooh.
You take those
and lay them out right there.
By laying out lengths of magnet,
a Tesla coil can take
low voltage electricity
and turn it into high voltage.
In other words, we're gonna
turn it up to 11.
There in here.
Don't move, or I'll shoot.
(electricity hissing,
grunting)
(blows landing)
(grunting)
(high-pitched tone sounding)
(high-pitched tone continues)
Hey, how, uh...?
How long was I out?
Just a couple of hours.
Hey, I think
you should
stay still, okay?
(MacGyver sighs)
What happened?
What's the last thing
you remember?
Oh, we were at Tesla's house.
And then we found
all that cool stuff
in the...
room? And then...
fire?
Okay, you know what?
He's concussed.
We all just need
to take a step back
for a second.
Wait.
Shiva? Why-why am I thinking
about a Hindu deity?
Mac, I think
you should just rest, okay?
No. No, there's no time.
We need what's in his head.
Codex has the map.
Oh.
They ambushed us.
I remember that, but why?
BOZER:
We think they used us.
They knew about
Oversight's code
and wanted us to break it so
we'd lead them to Tesla's map.
TAYLOR:
After you went down,
it turned into a bit
of a shoot-out, but, um,
ultimately, they overpowered us
and took what they came for.
The map.
Which leads to Tesla's
superweapon.
So Tesla must have
hidden the weapon
so it wouldn't fall
into the wrong hands.
And the map shows us where.
MATTY: Sorry to state the
obvious here, but we need to get
to said superweapon
before the global
terrorist organization does.
DESI:
And how?
They have the map,
and we obviously don't.
RILEY:
Hold on a second.
Before the ambush, you said
even if you had the map,
you'd need the room
to decipher it.
Yes.
But I can't remember why.
Do you remember anything
about it at all?
TAYLOR:
Memory loss is unpredictable.
It could come back
in days, years.
Never.
I have an idea. Bozer,
I want you to
reach out to DARPA.
Use my clearance and
ask for Dr. Cheryl Werner.
In the meantime, look for
any info we can find on Shiva
and where that map might lead.
The Markridge Scientific
Institute in Pasadena.
Tesla used to lecture there.
They have an extensive archive
on all of his files.
If you're gonna find anything,
that's where it will be.
Just once, I would like
to work with a mad scientist
who files things
alphabetically.
I'd kill right now
for a scanner
and ten lines
of Python code.
This section is off-limits
for students.
(Taylor laughs)
Well, you flatter.
It's been many a decade since
anyone called me
a student... Karen.
May I just say, that is an
exquisite flower
on your blouse.
Russell Taylor,
history department.
Never heard of you.
And I'm gonna have
to ask you to leave.
That's because I've just
transferred in from Oxford.
I'm looking for
a manuscript
that may or may not
have been misplaced.
It's entitled "The Theory of
Conflict Deterrence."
I assure you, nothing in my
archives is "missed" anything.
If it's here, I can find it.
Well, then,
thank God for you, Karen.
Hmm? Your skill will
save us all.
I'll look on the computer.
Marvelous.
Oh...
Mac is always doodling things
like this on cocktail napkins.
He and Tesla probably have
a lot in common.
I hope not.
According to this,
Tesla died penniless
and alone.
Maid found his body
in a hotel room,
surrounded by dead pigeons.
Ew.
(sighs)
I'm worried about Mac.
First losing his dad.
That was bad enough.
And then letting Lasky,
the nuclear plant engineer die.
Yeah.
It's taking a toll on him.
And now he's up all night
making apocalypse bags.
Who knows what else.
I mean, I don't know
what to do. I--
In my family, we don't even
talk about our feelings.
We just make soup.
Thank you, Karen.
All right, I bought us
some time.
But we are two phone calls away
from being thrown out
of this place.
So let us hurry.
(Taylor muttering indistinctly)
11/9/37.
Russ... got something?
There are 26 letters
alone in this box,
handwritten, dated 11/9/37.
If Tesla was building
the ultimate weapon,
he'd most likely find a way
to encode his work.
What if these numbers are
some sort of cryptokey?
So we need everything
we can find
dated November 9, 1937.
Mmm.
I mean, that must be the key
to where he hid Shiva.
Right.
So, you want to give me
a memory drug?
It's an experimental
psychotropic drug
developed by DARPA.
It contains DMT,
which has been proven
to help trauma patients
recover lost memories.
We're hoping it'll help you find
whatever you saw
in the Tesla house.
And it's safe?
(snickers)
Cheryl, I swear to God!
Sorry.
It is so not safe.
BOZER:
Matty, who is this?
Doesn't Phoenix already have
a team of fancy doctors?
Cheryl is an old friend of mine
That's "Dr. Cheryl" to you.
Okay.
She works at DARPA.
Yeah, the money's good,
and my student loan payoff date
is 2064, so...
Quick question.
Have you ever had
a psychotic break,
and if so, do you anticipate
becoming violent?
Uh, no. Why?
Because patients have suffered
severe reactions to this drug.
Mental breakdowns.
Some... irreversible damage.
Look, Mac...
You don't have to do this.
But it might be our only shot
at finding that weapon
before Codex does,
so let's do it.
Your prefrontal cortex,
or short-term memories,
that's the part
we need to engage.
We'll also give you a sedative,
which will keep you unconscious
and put you in a REM stage.
You'll be in
a lucid dream state
reflecting your short-term
memories.
Stay focused there.
Do not go wandering around
into your past.
Who knows, maybe this will help.
CHERYL: Okay, you ready?
BOZER: Hold on.
Maybe we should have a safe word
or something, just in case.
Tacos!
MATTY: Okay,
that is not possible.
Once he's under, the only thing
that can pull him out
is the adrenaline
from the discovery
of the short-term memory
that he's looking for.
And what if I don't find it?
If your vitals spike,
a medically induced
adrenaline shot should
do the trick. Okay?
Please close your eyes.
And count backwards from ten.
(exhales sharply)
Ten... nine...
...eight... seven...
Was there a sedative in there?
I don't think it's working.
(old-time jazz playing)
(indistinct chatter)
(scoffs)
This is Tesla's house.
Coppers crashed in
at midnight.
All 'cause of some
damn whiskey?
Angus, what are you
doing here?
Um... well, it's my brain.
Do I know you?
You should be hiding.
He's looking for you.
Who?
And if he finds you,
it's all over.
You won't be able
to stop it.
Stop what?
(gasps)
The end of the world, dummy.
(loud buzz, explosion)
How are his vitals?
Heart rate's up.
BOZER:
Come on, Mac.
Get what you need and get out.
(sound snippets overlapping)
(old-time jazz playing)
You need a drink.
And I need a cigarette.
Oh, hand-rolled.
What do I look like, a farmer?
(women laughing)
WOMAN: Hi, handsome.
Hi, handsome.
Whoo-hoo.
Do I know you?
You do now.
I'm Ellen.
Oh, that is so trippy.
It is a trip. Remember?
Come with me.
Where are we going?
I don't know, it's your dream.
I-I know, but I'm--
I don't know what to do.
I'm so confused.
I feel so lost.
Well, figure it out, or I'll
keep dragging you around.
Tesla. I'm-I'm here for--
I'm here for Tesla.
George... I see you.
(women cackling)
Wait, don't leave me.
How'd you get in here?
Thomas, don't be rude.
Edison, Bell.
You guys are in
the photo with Tesla.
He doesn't belong here.
This is a party for scientists,
not killers.
I am a scientist.
What are you doing here?
I thought you
and Tesla were
fighting over
electricity patents.
Yes, but we overcame
our differences
when we started working together
at DXS; a higher calling.
We're trying
to save the world,
not end it.
And Tesla has
the good wine.
(laughs)
All right, well, I
need to talk to Tesla.
So I need to get into this...
EDISON:
Uh, you don't deserve
to talk to Tesla. Move along.
Hey.
MacGYVER:
When faced with obstacles
in the dystopian nightmare
that is your subconscious,
sometimes you need
a distraction
so you don't careen
hopelessly down
a shame spiral to oblivion.
BELL:
What is he doing?
MacGYVER:
Heat causes the glass
and the air inside the bottle
to expand, allowing
the cork to be removed.
BELL:
Impressive.
Excellent.
I must try that sometime.
Mr. Tesla will
see you now.
Tesla, I really need...
(panting)
Donnie?
ELLEN:
Ah. You remember
your old friend Donald.
As you know, DMT can bring up
all kinds of memories,
including
your ninth grade bully.
That was fun.
What's next?
CHERYL:
That's the amygdala.
Long-term memory.
We need short-term.
What exactly are the odds
his own adrenaline wakes
him up when he finds it?
Low.
How low?
This is a DARPA
experimental process.
Science here is not
an exact science.
TAYLOR:
Right. It's not
a cryptokey.
But this date
must mean something.
DESI: Here,
check this out.
Tesla wrote,
"I loved that pigeon
"as a man loves a woman,
and she loved me.
As long as I had her, there
was purpose to my life."
I really hope Mac doesn't
turn out like this one day.
That's it. That's it.
Tesla's favorite pigeon
died in 1922,
but he mentions her throughout
these letters dated 1937.
Everyone thought Tesla
was going bonkers, right?
But listen to this.
Uh, he writes,
"Two beams of light shot
out from her eyes, and I knew
my life's work was finished."
These mentions
of the birds
are code names for the
weapon, for Shiva.
Exactly.
DESI:
Here. Another letter,
dated November 9, 1937.
He describes laying her to rest.
And then he also describes
building "an aureate cage,
sheltered from the world's
harsh light."
What if the location
of the pigeons
is really where he hid Shiva?
11, nine, 37--
see if they're coordinates.
(grunts softly)
Trying out different
combinations.
It could be
longitude 119,
latitude 37,
but that's just a
ranch in California.
"Aureate cage."
See if there were any gold mines
in that ranch.
Checking now.
They mined gold
and iron there.
That's the spot.
KAREN:
You're not allowed back there.
MAN:
Calm down, lady.
This is for employees.
DESI:
It's Codex.
Time to go. They found us.
You need to get
out of our way.
One of Mac's distractions
would come
in very handy right about now.
Run.
RILEY:
Brute force comes in handy, too.
I'm so sorry.
So, so sorry.
I was so close.
Why am I at the bar?
Here. Have a martini.
(exhales):
Thank you.
Great. I'm in my own head
and I can't even get a drink.
You better hide.
He's watching you.
Okay, you keep
saying that, but who?
You know who.
Focus. You're getting lost
in your own head.
Right. Tesla.
I'm here to find Tesla.
Something about the map.
(wind whooshing)
(people screaming)
(shouting, coughing)
(strains):
Can't breathe. I can't breathe.
(MacGyver gasping)
(gasping)
It's him or the it's city.
Lasky.
You remember me.
Surprising, seeing
as you let me die.
I had no choice.
I let you die so that
everyone else could live.
Look, I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry, but...
I'd trade places with you
if I could.
I'm not buying it.
And it's too late
for that, anyway.
Now my kids will grow up
without a father.
You know.
Just like you did.
(glass cracking)
I hope he finds you.
CHERYL:
His vitals are spiking.
We can't do this
much longer.
MATTY:
Matty to Taylor, where you at?
TAYLOR:
Uh, we're pulling up to
the ranch in Fresno County now.
The coordinates
from Tesla's letters
indicate that this is the spot
he marked for Shiva.
MATTY: Right.
But if what Mac says is true,
and there's something weird
about that map,
it might not actually lead us
to the weapon's location.
At least that puts us
on equal terms with Codex.
We all have
the same information.
The only way
we are going to find
Shiva's precise location
is if Mac remembers the clue
that he found in the house.
LASKY (echoes):
I hope he finds you.
Where you going, Angus?
Huh?
I'm not going anywhere.
Beat it, Lasky.
I got this.
It's covered in blood.
I can't...
remember why I'm here.
I can't even remember who I am.
ELLEN:
Don't worry.
I know who you are.
Why are you so familiar?
It has been a while, Angus.
♪ The itsy-bitsy spider ♪
♪ Climbed up
the water spout... ♪
Mom.
I can't believe
I didn't recognize you.
Why would you?
I died 25 years ago.
You were five.
Oh, no. Don't tell me.
(laughs softly)
You think that I'm, you know...
Hmm.
File 47.
You were hoping that the whole
thing wasn't really my idea.
Why would your sweet
old mother hatch a plan
to take out a quarter
of humanity?
Is it true?
You know it is.
How could you do that?
How-how could you think that
killing all those people
is the answer to
saving the planet?
Why'd you send Lasky
to his death?
To save everyone else.
I didn't want
this planet to die.
And I was willing
to do what it took
to make sure that
that never happened.
Are you?
There are other ways.
The air scrubber?
(chuckles softly)
It's adorable,
but too little, too late.
(sighs) This is not how
I wanted this to go.
You missed most of my life.
I was there.
In your head, in your blood.
I mean, you don't like onions,
and you're afraid of heights.
That's me.
Dad's gone.
I'm sorry, sweetheart.
I've never felt so lost, ever.
It's like the string
that was holding me
to the ground snapped,
and now I'm just floating away.
Here? Or-or in reality?
Both.
(exhales)
I really need you right now.
Please, t-tell me
what I have to do.
You know I love you,
and I always will?
Then you're ready.
For what?
Him.
Mom! Mom!
His fear centers
are lit up.
Vitals are off the charts.
We need to shut this down.
MATTY:
Mac wouldn't want you
to shut this down.
Not before
he gets what he needs.
You don't know that.
That's what he wanted, Bozer.
Don't talk about Mac
in the past tense.
(monitor beeping)
Okay.
RILEY:
Codex is digging a
quarter mile west
of the coordinates.
Hopefully, Mac was right
about the cipher,
and they're
in the wrong spot.
Only one way to find out.
We'll take the back entrance.
We need
to get that weapon
before Codex does.
And we can't wait for Mac.
Come on.
(echoing):
Who let the Boy Scout in?
No more distractions.
I need to talk to Tesla
about the map.
Gonna have to go
through me first.
You're not a threat.
You're just a
synapse misfire.
Let Codex
have the weapon.
Then nature
can take its course.
You can be a hero
and save the world.
Well... most of it.
Without our humanity,
it's not worth it.
You know Codex is right.
No.
It's the rational, logical,
moral thing to do.
No.
If you didn't believe,
deep down in your core,
I wouldn't be standing here
talking to you.
You're not me.
I'm not you.
I'm not you!
(exhales) Tesla.
You're taking
too long, Angus.
Your friends need you.
TAYLOR:
We've been here before.
I think we're lost. Ow!
Bugger!
We need more light.
Kerosene's dry on that one, too.
RILEY: (sighs)
This is when we need Mac.
Or just what he's taught us.
DESI:
Mac told me
he was going to use iron
for his carbon scrubber.
But he decided it against it.
Because iron...
is flammable.
Well done.
Something about your map.
I saw it. But why
can't I remember?
Your mind
is cluttered.
I know what that's like.
I don't understand.
I got rid of everyone, so
why am I still so lost?
You're not lost. Slow down.
Sometimes you think
you're going in one direction,
but really,
you're going in another.
The compass was the clue.
But it's wrong.
West is east.
And east is west.
Wakey-wakey.
(gasping)
(panting)
You're lucky.
I was about
to Pulp Fiction ya.
(exhales)
TAYLOR:
Hang on.
MacGYVER: Guys,
I know where the weapon is.
Mac!
Mac, you're awake!
What's the location?
MacGYVER: So, the map, it said
that you had to hike
a quarter mile
west from the "X."
But the compass on the ceiling
was flipped.
So it's actually to hike
a quarter mile east.
West is east.
TAYLOR: East.
East, got it.
TAYLOR:
There, that door.
The weapon must be in here.
So how we do get it out of here?
I have an idea.
(grunting, groaning)
RILEY:
This thing weighs a ton.
Almost... there!
(exhales)
Magnetic fields?
No.
Magnetic bursts.
(over comms):
Taylor to Matty.
We have the device.
But Codex are
blocking our path.
Easy now!
Keep pushing that cart forward,
and we'll get out of here
in one piece.
You sure you want to fire
a gun off in an abandoned mine?
We can wait.
We've got snacks.
I hate her.
Time for a new plan.
Which is?
I don't know, but we need one.
I got one: retreat!
Right.
SCARLETT:
Damn it.
Let's go.
Slowly.
This could be a trap.
They're catching up!
MacGYVER:
Are those Codex agents
wearing Kevlar vests,
by any chance?
Yeah. Why?
Okay, good. I have an idea,
but you need to get some space
between you and them.
Yes, we're
working on it!
Help me push the cart
against the door.
MacGYVER:
Desi, open Tesla's trunk.
(Riley and Taylor grunting)
DESI:
Russ!
(grunting)
Mac? There's something else
in the trunk.
It looks like some sort
of hand crank.
MacGYVER: Great.
That should be a power source.
I think it's a generator.
Well, it looks broken,
because the wires are crumbling.
All right, well, we
need to get it working.
DESI:
Why?
'Cause you're gonna use it.
Russ!
We can't hold them much longer!
What now, Mac?
All right, you need wire.
Uh-- Look for a telegraph wire
or a mining phone.
MacGYVER:
Even Tesla had to stand
on the shoulders of giants.
And in this case, it was
the great Michael Faraday...
Hurry! Power that thing!
I'm working on it!
MacGYVER:
...who discovered that moving
a wire in a magnetic field
produces electricity.
Mac, It's working!
MacGYVER:
Good. Let them through,
and let her rip.
Out of the way!
(grunting)
(static on comms)
Desi, report.
(static continues)
MacGYVER:
Desi? Say something, please.
We're okay.
(sighs)
What happened?
MacGYVER:
The metal strike plates
in the Kevlar vests were made
with conducting metals.
Which is why Tesla's
electromagnet
was able to toss them around
like rag dolls.
She's gone.
TAYLOR:
All right, then.
Let's pack this up
and get the hell out of here.
MATTY:
What do they want
with this thing?
I'm not sure,
but it's capable of producing
a powerful magnetic burst, so,
it might be a weapon
designed to
disable other weapons.
Well...
it's here for you to dissect,
whenever you're feeling
up to it.
What a hangover.
Even my headache has a headache.
RILEY:
I'd hate to get lost
inside the mind
of Angus MacGyver.
(chuckles) Yeah. Me, too.
What was it like in there?
ELLEN:
♪ The itsy-bitsy spider... ♪
You should be hiding.
He's looking for you.
DESI:
You okay?
Yeah. It was fine.
It was like a...
surreal dream, that's all.
Smells good.
I'm making soup.
(chuckles)
Hey, Mac?
Hmm?
Did you want
to talk about anything?
What do you mean?
You seem different.
(sighs)
I'm just tired.
Okay.
I got you something.
(chuckles)
I am not the only one
that talks in my sleep.
Hey, Mac...
You're not lost.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org